hi there my name is Sean and you're
watching the a scout to show today I'm
gonna do a quick video on 10 questions
to ask Siri now I know this has been
done before and there's lots of videos
on it but I wanted to make my own video
iphone is new to me and Syria's new to
me so here we go I'll just make a quick
video on my 10 questions to ask Siri so
for those of you who don't know to get
Siri on your iPhone you just hold your
home button and Cirie pops up
alright so let's get started here in my
first question what is your
grandfather's name no that is not my
first question
Oh
why did the chicken cross the road why
did the chicken cross the road I am NOT
perspicacious about the peregrinations
of poultry when will the world end
checking my sources this light answer
your question according to Siri the
world will end in five billion years so
I think we got plenty of time what is
the meaning of life
I find it odd that you would ask this of
an inanimate object
Siri who let the dogs out oh I love you
oh stop
guess what don't tell me you were just
elected prime minister of canada right
yeah she's good
what is the best phone
seriously seriously I don't know what
that means if you like I can search the
web for seriously
will you marry me
you should know that you're not the only
one who's asked Oh Brandi
are you serious
yes I'm not allowed to be frivolous
Oh
tell me a joke
let me think
tell me a joke what did one iphone say
to the other iphone i used to know this
one you suck now now you suck now you
suck i respect you anyway I probably had
11 there but those are some of the funny
things that you can ask Siri there's a
whole list on the internet there's
probably well over a hundred that she
has some pretty snappy responses to
anyway that is my questions for Siri
post your questions in the comments
below thanks for watching and this is
the ask how to show my name is Sean